---
title: July 23rd, 2020
---

## {DONE}} Finish the express + mongodb for [[Web Development @ Berkeley]] - [[July 24th, 2020]]

## {DONE}} Wrap up [[Sedge]] pitch deck & practice. Prepare some Q&A
### You will pitch your company for five minutes, and we'll use the rest of the time for Q&A.

### Focus on telling us about **your team**, give us a **broad overview of your product**, tell us how you plan to **earn revenue** and how you anticipate **working with Capitol Music Group will benefit your team/product/etc.**
#### Capitol Music Group can help me to work with those talented music producers and study user experience in depth. Also looking forward to fostering a community of music producers to use and talk about sedge.

## Continue working on the [[Track Info and Send Data via Socket]] for [[Aimhub]]
### The `aim_container` will store a queue of all the updates.

### Each time `track(param)` is called, a function in `aim_container` would be called to update the queue and store the param inside the queue.

### The `_listener_body()` method would keep checking the queue. If the queue is not empty, it pops the first update out of the queue and send it to server via [[socket]].

### The queue here can be a class on itself, and it can keep track of some important information, such as iteration number (checking the # of times a parameter with the same name is called within the same epoch), and etc.

## For [[Roam]], each task should have their own page.
### Kind of like how each idea should their own page as well. This helps a lot when the task needs to be worked across several days. It can be referenced easily.

## {DONE}} Waive insurance [[July 24th, 2020]] 

## {DONE}} Pay tuition [[July 29th, 2020]]

## [[Sedge]] Description of Sedge
### All-in-one music management platform

### Version Control + Rich Editor + Music Visualization + Beat-level feedback

## [[Sedge]] [[Market Analysis]]
### TAM (total available market): 31 Billion
#### Size of Global Music Production Industry

#### https://audioxpress.com/news/global-music-production-software-market-to-triple-in-value-in-the-next-five-years

### SAM (Serviceable Available Market): 4.3 Billion
#### Size of Music Production Software Industry
