---
title: July 31st, 2020
---

## Instead of buying the [myoware muscle sensor](https://shop.openbci.com/collections/frontpage/products/myoware-muscle-sensor?variant=29472011267), we should probably take a look at Taobao and buy something cheaper for our [[HCI]] project.

## Had a chat with [[Justin Tian]], an engineering manager @ [[Microsoft]].
### He is for sure trying to advocate his own "course" on software engineering project.

### However, he mentioned that the project that I am doing is kinda weak, which  definitely make sense, since a virus transmission simulator isn't the best thing in the world.

### [This](https://github.com/cyber-justin/Real-Time-News-Processing) is the [[PROJECT]] that he showed me, which looks pretty good to be honest.
#### The main takeaway is we need to have a good readme.

#### Also a good looking "enterprise level" structure is very important.

## Can start a website called immitationgame.com and talk about some philosophy on computer? [[PROJECT]]

## Install [[Python]] [[Virtual Env]], the [venv](https://docs.python.org/3.6/library/venv.html#module-venv) package.
### To create a virtual environment: 
#### `python3 -m venv aim-env`

### To activate the virtual env:
#### `source aim-env/bin/activate`

## [[Python]] install requirements
### `pip install -r requirements.txt`

### Freeze requirements: `pip freeze > requirements.txt`

## [[Python]] test out local package
### `python setup.py install` and this should be ran in virtual env.

## {DONE}} ask adrienne about the resources & workshop. [[August 1st, 2020]]
### Email: adrienne@gener8tor.com

## {DONE}} Respond to Eric Xiao [[August 1st, 2020]] [[August 3rd, 2020]]
